# DWfinal
Game Discription: This game is a surviving text game which has a background that an explorer got lost in a strange island and tried to explore this island. In this, you can control a hero and explore this island everday. Faced with random events, how long can you survive on this island? Will you die finally, or be saved by others?
How to play: Press "R" to start and input your hero's name and choose your hero's gender. Afer this, a new hero has been created. Then your hero got lost on this island! Everyday, you need to press "S" explore this island for survival but you will face random events which can help you survive or make you risky. You may die finally on this island, or be saved by passing boat. Just look at your destiny and predict how long can you live in this island!
Code Discription: I creat a class called Hero to created my game's character who has some attribute such as name, HP, satiety and gender. HP and satiety will be different according to gender. Importantly, in this class, I also define a function called "Event(self)" to decide these random events the hero will meet everyday. Each event has a special reaction to Hero's attributes and the randomness and possibility of events are created by importing random library. The second class, which is a state machine, is created to operate this game. By defining get_next_values() which is a main body of this game, I can operate this game and develop this plot by the transformation of every different state. Finally, in Hero class, I also created some attributes such as dead() or saved() as the ending condition to stop the state machine and end this game.
